being an astronaut preparing to go to
space assumably you have to prepare to
be an astronaut to go to space so you
have to do all this stuff in the film
like that weird whirligig thing there
multi-axis trainer that looks horrible
yeah I don't remember much I just
remember the directors saying more
spinning the rest is kind of a blank
because are you just in it or do you
control it in some way no you don't
control are you just eating ya feeling
did you get sick a lot Wow it was very
hard to complain because the director
went through such lengths to make sure
this was authentic I mean incredible
amount of detail into making these
capsules you know almost exactly as they
were and we had you know technicians who
were involved in these missions on set
every day and anytime you thought about
complaining you you know you would go to
the monitor and somebody you know some
astronaut you would say well you know
Ryan when I went to the moon just keep
talking and you slowly forget about what
it was that was bothering you but you
decided you were garden to learn how to
fly because you know I'm strong enough
playing that's right yeah how did that
go you know Neil could fly before he
could drive he he grew up watching
planes as a kid so he could pay for
lessons and flight was just you know I'm
so important to him so I thought oh I'll
learn how to fly and you know you always
hear about celebrities flying and I was
like how hard could it be well it's very
hard it's very hard and pretty quickly
into my training my flight instructor
told me to take the plane into a
self-imposed all it's just you you stall
it on purpose and I just thought this is
a terrible idea
land right away and I'll spend my time
learning other things
[Applause]
[Music]
you